what can I help you with Lord of
Darkness I'm looking for a date the date
is Friday July 13th no no I want to meet
someone understood you want to eat dim
sum don't you get it I want to go on a
date I'm lonely I understand you want
Bologna though many eyes those few eyes
not into tentacles dad you're stressed
out from working too hard
you need a vacation from running
everyone else's vacation and I know just
how to fix it
where are we go come on there's so much
to do
you could go scuba diving try some
exotic foods
[Music]
or just enjoy the view okay thank you
maybe you'll find your own fireworks on
the cruise it's not The Love Boat Frank
you must be the one and only Dracula
hey do be day Shula it could be day
there's something about an accent that
makes a man sound so intelligent you
were right great-grandfather van Helsing
monsters are disgusting they have no
idea what's about to happen to them
going according to plan
[Music]
there is something about that woman I
don't trust the food here is to die for
must have been garlic in the guacamole
that's deadly for you hey was that you
oh no blog is gonna puke
[Music]